 You have reached Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Central Records Bureau. For instructions on how to request our records, please press 9 to speak to a customer service tech. In order to locate the incident report, you must provide aid, time, and incident location. We will provide you with the incident number, report fee, and required documents that you must submit with your records request. Report fees vary due to the amount of pages generated by the incident. Applicable fees are $1 per certified page. Payment must be included with your records request. Check must be payable to Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Department. For inquiries about Bayon records, you must contact InterMedics at 1-866-758-2762. To request Bayon records in writing, you must mail your request to the following address. Miami-Dade County Fire Department, Bureau Box 863330, or L.A. Florida 32886-3330. Please note the following billing exceptions. We are currently not billing for air rescue transport. Billing will be generated only for ground transport from incident location to landing zone. An MBSR transport bill is generated only if the patient was transported by an MBSR rescue unit. If the patient was transferred to a private ambulance, no bill is generated from Miami-Dade Fire Rescue. Thank you. To repeat this message, press any key or press 9 to speak to a customer service clerk. Please note the following billing exceptions. If the patient was transferred to an Air Rescue unit, no bill is generated from Miami-Dade Fire Rescue. We are currently not billing for air rescue transport. Like us to give a help you? Mr. Loughrath, I know this is John from my little group. I would like to ask the next topic of the medical work. That was request of George Swatted. When did you say the name? April 15th. When did the patient say the birth? The Sunday 23, 1967. One second please. Okay. When did you say the name of the patient again? George Swatted. Do you know when they used to do the crates? Yes. Let me see. I have the date already. I have your ECU number. Okay. Okay. That's me. 201-9138. We haven't done since that yet. I'm not what I think. You may want to help me at the end of the week and check again. When you call again you have to give us that number. 201-9128. Okay. Okay. Thank you. You are.